Added logo and updated readme (#115)
Wakoma/nimble: README.md

    https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/Wakoma/nimble)](
    https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/Wakoma/nimble)

> <p align="center"><img alt="nimble logo 256" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Wakoma/wakoma-assets/b84a00ba43119ff617c64942332dc7b5860567f4/nimble-assets/logos/nimble%20logo%20256.svg" height="auto" width="256"></p>

Reviewer: I'd move the logo into the repo rather than link to something in the issue as the link may go dead.

Author: Can do if you prefer. I made this repo to prevent dead links and save space in the main repo: https://github.com/Wakoma/wakoma-assets/tree/main/nimble-assets/logos

Reviewer: I think we keep that repo as a good place to have lots of branding and other assets. I would still copy a version into this repo as we will need to serve it with the server so having a local copy is useful.

Anyone in the world can build their own nimble with locally sourced hardware and 3D-printed components.

<p align="center"><img alt="6in NUC shelf" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Wakoma/nimble/refs/heads/master/assets/img/Model_M/36.jpg" height="auto" width="800"></p>

## State of this repository

In 2024 we received a grant from NLnet Foundation to develop a smart documentation system which automatically generates all documentation and 3D models needed for any custom nimble configuration. 

<p align="center"><img alt="6in NUC shelf" src="https://nlnet.nl/logo/banner.png" height="auto" width="500"></p>

See the announcement [here](https://nlnet.nl/project/HardwareManuals/).
Have a look at the other incredible projects they support [here](https://nlnet.nl/project/0).

A sneek preview of the nimble builder:

<p align="center"><img alt="6in NUC shelf" src="https://gitlab.com/gitbuilding/cadorchestrator/-/raw/master/assets/UIexample.png" height="auto" width="800"></p>

> Access the CadOrchestrator repo [here!](https://gitlab.com/gitbuilding/cadorchestrator).

Reviewer: We may want to be a bit clearer what CadOrchestrator is.

```suggestion
To create our interactive documentation generator we ended up creating an entirely new library called [CadOrchestrator](https://gitlab.com/gitbuilding/cadorchestrator).
```

Reviewer: @ericnitschke If you are happy with this you can click the commit suggestion and it will commit it into your branch automatically.
